what if there is an easier way to get
seo traffic to your website than writing
thousands and thousands of articles hey
everyone i'm neil patel and today i'm
going to break down the easiest way to
get seo traffic
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
as you can see on my screen here i'm
logged into my google search console
and i want to show you something really
interesting if i click the new button so
i can filter more i can go to search
appearance then click on videos this is
going to show me how much traffic i'm
getting from things like videos right
because i filtered down
if you look here
318 000 clicks
that's not bad and if i look at the last
12 months
it's a good amount of traffic that i'm
getting from google
right it's roughly a hundred thousand
visitors a month that i've been getting
over the last three months and then when
you look at the last 12 months you know
the amount of traffic that i'm getting
is over a million
and it really varies based on the type
of content that i'm producing because
some of the video content really hits
hard and i'm also in b2b so sometimes of
the year during like holiday months and
stuff like that it doesn't do as well
some of the content is from like social
posts or posts related to like instagram
followers as you can see here or free
instagram followers so may not be as
relevant to my business and some of them
are much more relevant like keyword
research tool which is uber suggests so
over the years i figured that hey i need
to stop producing just content to get
quote unquote traffic i need to get more
relevant traffic because i don't really
help people with instagram marketing
from a business standpoint but my ad
agency np digital does help things like
with things like seo tools or growth
hacking so we started focusing on
videos that don't just bring traffic but
bring quote unquote our ideal customer
nonetheless as you can see here i've
gotten quite a bit of clicks from google
just from video seo
and as you can see on the neil patel
website
you know i publish my own videos here so
as you scroll throughout my blog you'll
see videos i embed them on the blog i
publish so much content every day right
here's one how to continue to find newer
keyword opportunities right as you can
see some of the keywords that are
popular related to keyword research or
keyword research tools um and i also
have uber suggested that helps with that
how to track and improve your rankings
again doesn't have the volume that let's
say instagram followers has but it can
bring the ideal customers that can help
me
generate more um
sales and more revenue for my ad agency
so like i have content on everything so
how to write a
blog post i have videos on literally all
these type of topics out there here's
one videos from start to finish
some of them is pulling from my channel
some from other people's channel but
this has helped tremendously
and if you look at my youtube page i'm
getting tons and tons of views i publish
my content here but the key is i don't
just publish my content on youtube i'm
also publishing it on my own website and
it's driving a lot of traffic i have
content on wordpress daily seo tasks
you know i even have reels that have
been testing on
youtube or shorts as they would call it
on youtube instagram's more reals and i
just produce tons of video content each
and every single week
and i don't really do much to optimize
it right i'm using all the code i'm just
making sure you know has my site has all
the schema markups stuff like that lets
google know what type of content i'm
using
but the point i'm trying to make is
just go and create video content and
publish it on your blog it's not that
competitive you can rank for a lot of
stuff because what google's doing is
they're including it in the results so
not only do you have a chance to rank
for text but hey there's not as many
people creating videos so it's not as
competitive and what i would recommend
that you do is do your keyword research
so if you go to app.neilpatel.com
and you're just like all right i'm in
the digital marketing space
so you can go load up the
ubersuggest tool which you can find at
app.neilpatel.com
and you can type in keywords related to
anything so i can type in digital
marketing
and once you type in keywords like this
you'll see the search volume don't worry
about the seo difficulty or the cpc
typically though the higher the cpc the
more lucrative that term is going to be
and go create content all these popular
terms you can even create a video on
digital marketing agency digital
marketing jobs digital marketing company
so in essence what you want to do is you
want to view all the keyword ideas
continually find more and more keywords
that have
good volume
and high cpc so digital marketing agency
way higher cpc than a lot of other
keywords here which is great digital
marketing company again high cpc uh
digital marketing services high cpc
courses i can release a video on like uh
a course give the first lesson for free
and then i can tell them in the video
where they can go for the rest of the
content
and if you do this what you'll find is
you can end up getting a lot more seo
traffic in the long run by just creating
content
video based that is super popular and i
would just continually find a lot of
keywords
and once you find the keywords that you
like you can just keep track of them so
i would add agency company
digital marketing uh
company let's see services
uh strategy courses
i would add those to a list so an uber
says you can add it to a list and i can
create a list let's go create a new one
so i can create one on youtube
video ideas
i click plus
and now
those keywords are going to be added to
this keyword list that i can get in the
left-hand navigation side
so then i can keep track of all the
keywords that i need to go and create a
youtube
video on and if you just leverage this
simple strategy over time you can keep
getting more and more traffic but don't
make the mistake i did as you can see
here i was getting a lot more video
traffic from things like instagram
followers like if i change the date
range to
last 28 days
versus you know last 12 months you'll
see that i'm not getting as much traffic
from terms as instagram followers as i
used to be getting
and you know as you can see here keyword
research affiliate marketing google
analytics it's because i'm focusing my
video content on keywords that have a
high cpc that are related to my business
so that way i'm not just getting views
you know even if i get one-tenth of
views but those views are going to
convert into customers that's better
than getting 10 times more views but
getting zero customers from it so it's
not just about going after volume you
want to go after volume with high cpcs
that are related to your business and
don't forget the related to your
business part because if you do that
then you'll get the views of the right
audience and convert them into customers
so if you like this stretch you need
help with it we can help you out my ad
agency np digital gotta plug it in there
just like how i showed you that i'm
trying to get the right type of traffic
if you have questions on this strategy
on do it yourself that's fine too leave
a comment below i'm here to help you out
if you enjoy the video like it share it
tell the people about it thank you for
watching